- [Instructor] We got our VM instance running
so now let's make the configuration changes needed
to connect our domain application server to it.
In our browser we'll log into Payara
and in the left navigation bar
we're going to click on nodes.
We're going to create a new node.
Click new.
We'll enter something descriptive here.
Type vbox dash aura Linux.
We'll choose our type as SSH.
If you remembered before,
for Windows users you can use DCOM.
We're going to use SSH facilities.
In the host port we're going to enter the IP address
of our Linux instance.
Going to switch back to the terminal
which we're still SSHed into at this point
and type if config to retrieve our IP address.
This is 10.35.3.112.
Come back here we'll type 10 dot 35 dot 3 dot 112.
For the node directory, I'll type home, vagrant
'cause that is the user and we'll type Payara five
and in the installation directory,
copy this and paste the same information.
We're going to click install Payara server.
Force the node to be created.
We'll change the username to vagrant
and for the SSH authentication,
we'll choose password and the password again is vagrant.
And we'll go ahead and click okay.
Now we need to make sure we have all the details correct
and completed, otherwise we'll have to delete the node
and start over.
This may take a moment
depending on where your server is located.
I've tried this on an AWS instance
but because of the upload speeds on my box,
the installation fails.
There's even a GitHub bug concerning
the zip directory structure being corrupted
because of this.
The recommendation is that the Linux server nodes
be relatively geographically close or have very
excellent bandwidth speeds between servers.
Once we get past this and get a success message,
we should be able to ping the link.
Successfully made SSH connection to our vbox our Linux.
Let's go back to our terminal window now
and remember we're SSHed into our Linux instance.
If we do an LS dash LA now inside of this instance
we see our Payara five.
Let's CD into that.
We're going to LS dash LA here
and we see several directories created.
We have a bin, a glass fish, h2db, javadb,
meta INF, and an MQ.
Basically our Payara DAS server
has pushed and configured initial glass fish
installation structure.
Let's create our cluster configuration now.
Go back to your browser and in the configuration section
we'll click on new, and we'll type cluster config
and we'll base this off the default config and click okay.
As you can see here when we created the server instances
and you can go ahead and click on them as I just did
and we'll address how this happened in a moment.
Going back to the configurations,
the server configurations were created
when we created each of the individual instances.
Go back to the instances section
and I'll walk you through the recommended pattern
for adding a local and remote instance
to our deployment group.
Let's remove the previous.
We'll click stop on these first.
With the instances stopped,
we'll select those boxes and we'll click delete.
We'll add these back to work with
our new cluster configuration.
We'll click new, we'll enter our instance name
H plus dash server dash 001.
We'll select our deployment group, click add,
and then we'll select local host domain
and you can see now that the vbox
or our Linux instance exist.
We'll keep it on local host for now.
In our configuration, we'll choose cluster config
and it's important at this point that we select
reference the selected configuration
instead of make a copy.
We'll click okay.
We'll do this again.
H plus server 002, select our deployment group,
we'll keep local host the same, select cluster config,
click reference, click okay.
Before we add our Linux instance,
we have to resolve some weird vbox naming resolution issues.
Back in our terminal, mine is still connected via SSH.
Type sudo VI etc host hit enter.
Right below the 127 hit I for insert
and we're going to type the IP address.
Type 10 dot 35 dot 3 dot 15
and we'll type in our host name of the machine.
We'll escape, right, and quit.
The reason we did this is because Payara sometimes
in connecting to a virtual box cannot resolve the name
and it creates some issues.
If the instance you have is configured by
your system admins, this should not be an issue for you
but this is a vbox instance.
You can alternatively skip this step
and watch it fail if you want
but you'll have to complete this to continue.
Now we'll add our remote Linux box instance to our cluster.
Go back to the browser, click new here.
We'll call this our H plus vbox dash 001.
We'll select our cluster, click add.
For our node this time we'll select
our vbox or Linux instance.
Our configuration will be cluster
and again, remember to select reference then click okay.
Remember how we turned the firewall off earlier
in our vbox Linux instance?
Well this is where it could come back to bite you
if you hadn't.
Please make sure your Linux admins help you with this
if you have not so let's start up our instances.
We'll first start with our Linux box.
Our Linux server instance is running.
Now we'll start the other two simultaneously.
Awesome.
Our last step is to deploy our H plus application
to our H plus server deployment group.
We'll go to applications, we'll undeploy it currently,
and we'll deploy again.
I'm going to select our H plus group,
click add and then okay and our application is deployed.
We'll click on the launch icon and as you can see
our instance exist on the virtual box instance
and on each of our two local instances.
To validate, we'll click on our virtual box instance
and the application's been deployed.